Overstock.com ( OSTK ) this week bought the intellectual assets and business data of bankrupt Bed
Bath & Beyond for $21.5 million. The bankrupt meme stock is also selling its stores to three
retailers. Overstock.com will use the name Bed Bath & Beyond for its website, Bedbathandbeyond.com .
Shares of OSTK surged 20% Thursday afternoon after the news. For the week, OSTK is up a solid 27%.
Meme stock GameStop ( GME ) broke out of a cup base with a buy point of 27 on Tuesday. On June 13,
meme investor and GameStop's new chairman Ryan Cohen purchased 443,842 shares of GME stock through
RC Ventures for a total of $10 million. Shares were paring recent losses on Thursday. The company
announced that for the quarter ended April 29, sales of $1.24 billion were lower than the $1.38
billion a year ago. A loss of 14 cents a share improved from a 52-cent loss over the same period.
The company did not hold an earnings call. The meme play fired CEO Mathew Furlong and named activist
investor Ryan Cohen as executive chairman, elevating his role in the company. The retailer became a
meme play after Cohen first took exposure in 2020. The investor's RC Ventures bought GME stock twice
after a stock split in 2020, just before a 2021 short squeeze drove the stock to its all-time high
of 120. In March, shares rallied, triggered by an upside earnings surprise. GameStop's Q4 earnings
showed a turnaround while sales fell less than 1% year over year to $2.2 billion. The retailer also
reported its first profitable quarter in two years as it earned 16 cents per share. Shares gapped up
above the 50-day line on March 22 after the earnings report. The video game retailer grew an
investor fan base in late 2020. In January 2021, the meme stock shot up 1,625% to 81.25 and then
crashed to 10.15 in February 2021. AMC ( AMC ) shares have been trading sideways after the movie
theater chain had its strongest first quarter in four years. Revenue of $954.4 million rose 21% from
the previous year. A loss of 13 cents a share showed an improvement from the prior year's 26-cent
loss. The company raised $155 million in cash through the sale of its preferred APE units during the
quarter. The stock is below its 50-day line. Strong Easter-weekend movie attendance boosted AMC
shares in April. CEO Adam Aron tweeted, "record revenues for AMC at our U.S. theaters on Easter
weekend thanks to strong attendance and superb food and beverage sales. 3.6 million people watched
Mario, Air Jordan and more stories on the big screen at AMC! The path to recovery continues." The
stock is prone to wild swings associated with meme stocks. From a closing price of 1.30 on Dec. 31,
2020, shares hit an all-time-high of 44.61 in six months and have crashed since that time. Meme
stocks are known for volatile swings. Recent IPO stock Top Financial ( TOP ) has been showing meme
action, skyrocketing from 48.60 to 256.44 on April 28. Shares surged again in strong volume on
Thursday. TOP came public on the Nasdaq exchange in June 2022. The initial offering priced at $5 per
share for 5 million shares. Shares popped on the first day of trading, reaching a high of 27.50. The
Hong Kong fintech generates revenue through commissions on trades of equities, futures and options.
The stock rallied over 50% in early May in meme-like action, then reversed gears and fell over 70%
the next day. Meme stocks are speculative plays, known for high levels of unpredictability because
they can rally or crash in any market, and at any time. Their meteoric rises and heart-stopping
crashes typically depend on social media hype and online interest. Hyper stock valuations for these
companies depend, for the most part, on young fans and an anonymous following that can appear or
disappear overnight. Retail investors dominate the interest in these stocks. These stocks do not
follow traditional investment wisdom, which says you should buy stocks based on growth and
performance. As such, they can be extremely speculative. Please follow VRamakrishnan on Twitter for
more stock news and analysis.