Stocks closed mixed Thursday after first-quarter gross domestic product was revised higher and
weekly jobless claims declined more than expected, signaling a resilient U.S. economy. These stocks
made moves Thursday: Micron Technology (ticker: MU) reported a fiscal third-quarter loss that was
narrower than expected by analysts. The memory-chip maker issued a fourth-quarter revenue forecast
of about $3.9 billion, plus or minus $200 million, and said it anticipates an adjusted loss of $1.19
a share, plus or minus 7 cents.  We believe that the memory industry has passed its trough in
revenue, and we expect margins to improve as industry supply-demand balance is gradually restored,
said Micron CEO Sanjay Mehrotra in a statement. Analysts at Piper Sandler upgraded Micron shares to
Neutral from Underweight and raised their price target to $70 from $45. However, the stock fell 4.1%
to $64.33. Earlier this week, The Wall Street Journal, citing people familiar with the matter,
reported that the Biden administration is considering more restrictions on selling artificial
intelligence chips to customers in China. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) stock rose 3.5%, Bank of America
(BAC) gained 2.1%, and Wells Fargo (WFC) was up 4.5% after the Federal Reserve s annual stress test
showed that the U.S. banking system remains strong. All 23 banks that participated in the test this
year were able to stay above their minimum capital requirements despite facing a theoretical loss of
$541 billion in the test s hypothetical recession. FREYR Battery (FREY) stock jumped 20% after the
battery cell production company was upgraded to Overweight from Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley .
Overstock.com (OSTK) shares rose 20% after completing the acquisition of the Bed Bath & Beyond brand
and certain intellectual-property assets of the bankrupt retailer for $21.5 million. Virgin Galactic
(SPCE) stock was down 11% after the space-tourism pioneer s first commercial space flight, Galactic
01, launched successfully . Shares traded higher earlier in the day, but the stock market often
buys the rumor and sells the news.  That is what happened during the company s last high-profile
launch. Joby Aviation (JOBY) shares soared 11% after the commercial-aviation start-up said it
received a $100 million equity investment from South Korea s top telecommunications company, SK
Telecom .  BlackBerry (BB) reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 6 cents a share, beating
analysts  calls for a loss of 6 cents. Revenue in the quarter rose to $373 million from $168 million
a year earlier and topped expectations of $161.1 million. Shares of the security-software developer
jumped 7%. McCormick (MKC) stock lost 5.5% after the spice maker posted second-quarter sales that
landed a bit below expectations . It also raised its full-year profit forecast to a range of $2.60
to $2.65 per share, up from a prior range of $2.56 to $2.61. Analysts are expecting earnings of
$2.65 per share. Snowflake (SNOW) shares declined 4.4% to $175.76 even after the software company,
which enables customers to remotely store and analyze large quantities of data in the cloud,
received a price target raise to $203 from $165 at Barclays .  Write to Joe Woelfel at
joseph.woelfel@barrons.com and Emily Dattilo at emily.dattilo@dowjones.com